Reframed the "Observing cache behaviour" example point no.4 (#4174)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/rtk-query/usage/queries.mdx

2. A second later, another `Pokemon` component is rendered with 'bulbasaur'
   - Notice that this one doesn't ever show 'Loading...' and no new network request happens? It's using the cache here.
3. A moment after that, a `Pokemon` component for 'pikachu' is added, and a new request happens.

> 4. When you click 'Refetch' for a specific `Pokemon`, it'll update only that pokemon with one request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you click 'Refetch' for a specific `Pokemon`, it'll update all instances of that Pokemon with one request.
```
